Xueer, do you have it? Don’t you want to wear this dress to take wedding photos?
Let me tell you, I can't get anything if I look after Xue'er.
Yeah, you want to be a time-setter,
If you don't have money, just shut up.
This won't stop you from getting cold.
I can pay for two million worth of clothes.
I'm afraid you can't pay for your actions.
What kind of joint stock then?
Get this crazy woman out of here
I don’t want to see it here anymore
Then who are you?
Our Mr. Gu is
This mall has half of his customer base
The top three financial companies
He is CEO Gu Rufeng
Let’s get to know each other again. I didn’t expect it.
The feeling of being like each other at first sight
Compare my methods
Just think of us as friends who don’t want to get married.
I won't be polite